Okay now I would like to know a little more about you. What are your best qualities?
I understand. Now let's think you get this job. What motivates you at work?
Thank you that sounds good. Regarding your future boss. How do you think a good boss should be?
Very good. If you were to describe yourself. How are you as a co-worker?
Now we take the next question. What attitude do you have to work alone?
It is important to be able to work with others. What attitude do you have to work in a group?
Okay. If we think there's a lot to do. What situations make you stressed?
Well answered. But now I would like to know. Why should we hire you?
If we're now thinking about what motivates you. Why did you apply for this job?
Thank you! Another question. How do you react when you are under time pressure?
Very good. Now a slightly more open question. What do you think good morals mean?
Interesting. But now you're looking for a new job here. Why did you leave your last job?
Okay I'm thinking a little bit about what you've done before. Why are you looking for work right now?
I understand. If you now think of your own qualities. How would your best friend describe you?
Now I would like to know a little more about you. What do you like to do in your spare time?
Interesting. Now I would like to know a little more about you. Have you been involved in any business other than your job?
Very good! And when it comes to working hours. Are you available to work on evenings and weekends?
Okay I now have a question about your experience. Have you attended any bartending training?
Interesting! Now to a question about your experience with cars. What have you worked with for cars before?
Thank you for that answer. As a car mechanic car inspection is an important part of the work. Can you describe how a normal inspection of a car is done?
I understand. As a postman it's good to have a driver's license. Do you have a driver's license?
I understand. Now I want to know a little about your way of working. What do you think is important when sorting letters and packages?
Okay. Now you have applied for a shop assistant. Have you worked with a cash register system before?
My next question in the store the treatment is important. Do you have experience of treating customers?
Good answer. As a financial assistant accounting is important. What is your experience of using accounting systems?
Interesting. In this service it may be necessary to perform simpler accounting. Do you have any experience with that?
Okay if you now think specifically about the job as a preschool teacher. What do you think you have a responsibility as a preschool teacher?
I understand. Taking care of small children is of course the main part of this job. What do you think is the most difficult part of working with small children?
Thank you. Then I have another question. What truck card do you have?
Good answer. Of course it is important to pack and pack in a warehouse. Do you have experience of order packing in stock?
Okay I also want to make sure you can drive a truck. What is your driving license?
Thanks for that answer. Have you worked on loading trucks before?
Okay as a janitor you often use special equipment. Have you worked with cleaning machines before? For example a floor care machine.
I understand. As a janitor cleaning is important. How do you feel about working with cleaning? For example building cleaning or shop cleaning?
Good answer. Now I want to know a little about your qualifications as a teacher. Are you a qualified subject teacher?
Thank you! Now I have a question about your experiences as a teacher. At what level do you teach?
Interesting. I would like to know more about what you teach. What subjects do you teach?
Okay. As a park manager it's good to have a driver's license. Do you have a driver's license?
Good thank you! A lot of work for a park manager is outdoors. Do you enjoy working outdoors?
Okay now I want to talk a little bit about what you think is important as a receptionist. How would you treat a person who visits your reception?
Yeah okay. As a receptionist there are several tasks. Do you have any planning experience?
Okay. It can be stressful to work as a waiter. How do you handle stressful situations?
Very good. As a waiter you work a lot with cash. Have you been to a cashier before and if so have you worked with cash accounting?
Good answer! If you have worked as a nurse before what is the area you have worked in then?
Okay. As a nurse you meet many different people. How would you describe a good treatment?
Thank you! Now I have a question about carpentry. What type of carpentry have you worked with before?
Thank you. There are many areas you can work with as a carpenter. Are roofs and windows something you have worked with before?
Thank you for those answers. Dental nursing is a care profession. Do you have any previous experience in care?
Okay. But when it comes to the specific job as a dental nurse. What would you say is important to keep in mind when working with oral health care?
Interesting! Now I want to know a little more about your experiences. What type of real estate have you worked with before?
As a caretaker there is a lot of technology that is good to be familiar with. Have you worked with real estate technology before? For example heating systems or ventilation systems?
Home care and home health care are good experiences to have as a care assistant. Do you have any experience of home health care or home care?
Thank you! Many care assistants work a lot with the elderly. Is elderly care something you have experience of?
Okay now I would like to know a little more about you. What are your best strengths?
I understand. Now let's think you get this job. Can you tell us what motivates you when you work?
Thanks It sounds good. Regarding your future boss. Are there any special qualities you think a good manager should have?
Very good. If you were to describe yourself. How do you think you would be as a colleague?
Now we take the next question. Do you enjoy working independently?
It's important to be able to work with others. Do you usually enjoy working in groups?
Okay. If we think there's a lot to do. Can you give an example of an occasion when you needed to deal with stress?
Well answered. But now I would like to know. What can you add to our business?
If we now think about what motivates you. Is there anything special about this work that attracts you?
Thank you! Another question. How do you feel when you get stressed?
Very good. Now a slightly more open question. What does the word morality mean to you?
Interesting. But now you are looking for a new job here. Is there any special reason why you left your previous job?
Okay I'm thinking a little bit about what you've done before. How long have you been looking for a new job?
I understand. If you now think of your own qualities. What would your friends highlight as your good qualities?
Now I would like to know a little more about you. Do you have any special hobbies?
Interesting. Now I would like to know a little more about you. Are you involved in any association or similar business?
Very good! And when it comes to working hours. Do you have the opportunity to work late in the evenings and weekends?
Okay I now have a question about your experience. Do you have any experience working in a bar?
Interesting! Now to a question about your experience with cars. What types of vehicles have you worked with?
Thank you for that answer. As a car mechanic car inspection is an important part of the work. Can you go through what is included in a car inspection?
I understand. As a postman it's good to have a driver's license. Can you drive a car or a light truck?
I understand. Now I want to know a little about your way of working. Is sorting packages and letters something you feel would suit you?
Okay. Now you have applied for a shop assistant. Do you have experience of working with cash registers?
My next question in the store the treatment is important. Can you tell us about how you are when you meet new people?
Good answer. As a financial assistant accounting is important. Have you used any accounting system before?
Interesting. In this service it may be necessary to perform simpler accounting. How do you feel about performing simpler accounting?
Okay if you are now thinking specifically about the job as a preschool teacher. What different roles does a preschool teacher need to be able to take?
I understand. Taking care of young children is of course the main part of this job. What part of working with young children do you find most challenging?
Thank you. Then I have another question. Do you have a truck card?
Good answer. Of course it is important to pack and pack in a warehouse. Have you worked in a warehouse before?
Okay I also want to make sure you can drive a truck. How heavy trucks can you drive?
Thanks for that answer. What do you know about loading trucks?
Okay as a janitor you often use special equipment. How do you feel about working with cleaning machines? Have you done it before?
I understand. As a janitor cleaning is important. Is cleaning something you have worked with before? Maybe building cleaning or shop cleaning?
Good answer. Now I want to know a little about your qualifications as a teacher. Do you have a teacher ID?
Thank you! Now I have a question about your experiences as a teacher. Have you been involved in teaching before?
Interesting. I would like to know more about what you teach. What are you a teacher in?
Okay. As a park manager it's good to have a driver's license. What kind of driver's license do you have?
Good thank you! A lot of work for a park manager is outdoors. What do you think of that?
Okay now I want to talk a little bit about what you think is important as a receptionist. What is a good welcome in a reception?
Yeah okay. As a receptionist there are several tasks. What's important to think about regarding planning?
Okay. It can be stressful to work as a waiter. How do you handle such situations?
Very good. As a waiter you work a lot with cash. Can you describe what a good treatment can look like for a person who works behind the counter?
Well answered! What do you specialize in in the profession of nurse?
Okay. As a nurse you meet many different people. What is important to keep in mind when treating a patient?
Thank you! Now I have a question about carpentry. What type of carpentry do you have the most experience with?
Thank you. There are many areas you can work with as a carpenter. Do you have any experience of window renovation or roofing?
Thank you for the answers. Dental nursing is a care profession. Is care something you have worked with before?
Okay. But when it comes to the specific job as a dental nurse. Is oral health care something you have worked with before?
Interesting! Now I want to know a little more about your experiences. Do you have any experience in property management or maintenance?
As a caretaker there is a lot of technology that is good to vara familiar with. Is real estate technology something you have experience of?
Home care and home health care are good experiences to have as a care assistant. Is it something you have worked with before?
Thank you! Many care assistants work a lot with the elderly. What do you think about working with elderly care?
Okay now I would like to know a little more about you. Are there any good qualities in yourself that you want to highlight?
I understand. Now let's think you get this job. What makes you motivated with your duties?
Thank you that sounds good. Regarding your future boss. Is there anything special you would appreciate from a boss?
Very good. If you were to describe yourself. What do you think others think of you as a colleague?
Now we take the next question. Do you like having your own tasks?
It is important to be able to work with others. What do you think about group work and collaboration with colleagues?
Okay. If we think there's a lot to do. Do you get stressed easily?
Good answer. But now I would like to know. Is there anything important that you think you can contribute to our business?
If we are now thinking about what motivates you. Why have you applied for this particular profession?
Thank you! Another question. What do you do when you get stressed?
Very good. Now a slightly more open question. How would you describe a good work ethic?
Interesting. But now you are looking for a new job here. How did it go when you left your previous job?
Okay I'm thinking a little bit about what you've done before. How come you're looking for a new job?
I understand. If you now think about your own qualities. What do you think an acquaintance would say about you?
Now I would like to know a little more about you. What do you usually do when you are free?
Interesting. Now I would like to know a little more about you. Have you been responsible for anything outside of work?
Very good! And when it comes to working hours. What are your preferences regarding working hours?
Okay I now have a question about your experience. Have you worked with bartending or anything like that before?
Interesting! Now to a question about your experience with cars. Have you worked with different types of vehicles?
Thank you for that answer. As a car mechanic car inspection is an important part of the job. Can you tell me how you would inspect a car?
I understand. As a postman it's good to have a driver's license. What type of driver's license do you have or are you planning to get a driver's license?
I understand. Now I want to know a little about your way of working. Are you good at working in a structured way?
Okay. Now you have applied for a shop assistant. Have you worked with a cash register system before or with something similar?
My next question in the store the treatment is important. Can you describe how you would treat new customers?
Good answer. As a financial assistant accounting is important. Do you know about accounting systems and how they work?
Interesting. In this service it may be necessary to perform simpler accounting. What do you know about accounting?
Okay if you are now thinking specifically about the job as a preschool teacher. What is important to think about as a teacher?
I understand. Taking care of young children is of course the main part of this job. Can you see any difficulty in working with young children?
Thank you. Then I have another question. Can you drive a truck?
Good answer. It is of course important with packing and packaging in a warehouse. Can you describe an experience you could benefit from during warehouse work?
Okay I also want to make sure you can drive a truck. Do you have a truck driver's license?
Thanks for that answer. What might you need to keep in mind when loading trucks?
Okay as a janitor you often use special equipment. Do you have any experience with cleaning machines?
I understand. As a janitor cleaning is important. Do you have any experience with cleaning?
Good answer. Now I want to know a little about your qualifications as a teacher. Have you worked as a teacher before?
Thank you! Now I have a question about your experiences as a teacher. What is your teaching experience?
Interesting. I would like to know more about what you teach. What subjects or years have you taught?
Okay. As a park manager it's good to have a driver's license. What type of driver's license do you have or do you plan to get a driver's license?
Good thank you! A lot of work for a park manager is outdoors. Do you like working outdoors?
Okay now I want to talk a little bit about what you think is important as a receptionist. What do you think a good treatment looks like?
Well okay. As a receptionist there are several tasks. Is planning something you have done much before?
Okay. It can be stressful to work as a waiter. What do you do to deal with stress?
Very good. As a waiter you work a lot with cash. What do you think a good treatment looks like?
Good answer! What is your specialization as a nurse?
Okay. As a nurse you meet many different people. What do you think a good treatment looks like?
Thank you! Now I have a question about carpentry. Do you have any experience with different types of carpentry?
Thank you. There are many areas you can work with as a carpenter. How have you worked a lot with roofs and windows?
Thank you for those answers. Dental nursing is a care profession. Do you have any relevant experience in care?
Okay. But when it comes to the specific job of a dental nurse. What is your own experience of oral health care?
Interesting! Now I want to know a little more about your experiences. Have you worked with maintenance or property management before?
As a caretaker there is a lot of technology that is good to be familiar with. Have you worked with maintaining and repairing technical systems before?
Home care and home health care are good experiences to have as a care assistant. Have you previously worked with home care or other home health care?
Thank you! Many care assistants work a lot with the elderly. Have you worked with elderly care before?
Okay, now I would like to know a little more about you. What are your best qualities?
Okay, now I would like to know a little more about you. What are your best strengths?
Okay, now I would like to know a little more about you. Are there any good qualities in yourself that you want to highlight?
So, now I thought we'd start the interview.What are your best qualities?
So, now I thought we'd start the interview.What are your best strengths?
So, now I thought we'd start the interview.Are there any good qualities in yourself that you want to highlight?
Now I'm going to start asking interview questions.What are your best qualities?
Now I'm going to start asking interview questions.What are your best strengths?
Now I'm going to start asking interview questions.Are there any good qualities in yourself that you want to highlight?
I'm going to start the interview now.What are your best qualities?
I'm going to start the interview now.What are your best strengths?
I'm going to start the interview now.Are there any good qualities in yourself that you want to highlight?
I understand. Now let's think you're getting this service. What motivates you at work?
I understand. Now let's think you're getting this service. Can you tell us what motivates you when you work?
I understand. Now let's think you're getting this service. What makes you motivated with your tasks?
Thanks that sounds good. Regarding your future boss. How do you think a good boss should be?
Thanks that sounds good. Regarding your future boss. Are there any special qualities you think a good boss should have?
Thanks that sounds good. Regarding your future boss. Is there anything special you would appreciate from a manager?
How nice. If you were to describe yourself. How are you as a co-worker?
How nice. If you were to describe yourself. How do you think you would be as a colleague?
How nice. If you were to describe yourself. What do you think others think of you as a colleague?
It is important to be able to work with others. Do you usually enjoy working in groups?
Okay. If we think there is a lot to do. What situations make you stressed?
Okay. If we think there is a lot to do. Can you give an example of an occasion when you needed to deal with stress?
Okay. If we think there is a lot to do. Do you get stressed easily?
Well answered. But now I would like to know. Is there anything important that you think you can contribute to our business?
If we are now thinking about what motivates you. Why did you apply for this job?
If we are now thinking about what motivates you. Is there anything special about this work that attracts you?
So, now I thought we'd start the interview.Why did you apply for this job?
So, now I thought we'd start the interview.Is there anything special about this work that attracts you?
So, now I thought we'd start the interview.Why have you applied for this particular profession?
Now I'm going to start asking interview questions.Why did you apply for this job?
Now I'm going to start asking interview questions.Is there anything special about this work that attracts you?
Now I'm going to start asking interview questions.Why have you applied for this particular profession?
I'm going to start the interview now.Why did you apply for this job?
I'm going to start the interview now.Is there anything special about this work that attracts you?
I'm going to start the interview now.Why have you applied for this particular profession?
Thanks! Another question. How do you react when you are under time pressure?
Thanks! Another question. How do you feel when you get stressed?
Thanks! Another question. What do you do when you get stressed?
How nice. Now a slightly more open question. What do you think good morals mean?
How nice. Now a slightly more open question. What does the word morality mean to you?
How nice. Now a slightly more open question. How would you describe a good work ethic?
Interesting. But now you are looking for a new job here. Why did you leave your last job?
Okay, I'm thinking a little bit about what you've done before. Why are you looking for work right now?
Okay, I'm thinking a little bit about what you've done before. How long have you been looking for a new job?
Okay, I'm thinking a little bit about what you've done before. How come you're looking for a new job?
So, now I thought we'd start the interview.Why are you looking for work right now?
So, now I thought we'd start the interview.How long have you been looking for a new job?
So, now I thought we'd start the interview.How come you're looking for a new job?
Now I'm going to start asking interview questions.Why are you looking for work right now?
Now I'm going to start asking interview questions.How long have you been looking for a new job?
Now I'm going to start asking interview questions.How come you're looking for a new job?
I'm going to start the interview now.Why are you looking for work right now?
I'm going to start the interview now.How long have you been looking for a new job?
I'm going to start the interview now.How come you're looking for a new job?
I understand. If you are now thinking about your own characteristics. How would your best friend describe you?
I understand. If you are now thinking about your own characteristics. What would your friends highlight as your good qualities?
I understand. If you are now thinking about your own characteristics. What do you think an acquaintance would say about you?
Interesting. Now i would like to know a little more about you. Have you been involved in any business other than at your job?
Interesting. Now i would like to know a little more about you. Are you involved in any association or similar activity?
How nice! And in terms of working hours. Are you available to work on evenings and weekends?
How nice! And in terms of working hours. Do you have the opportunity to work late in the evenings and weekends?
How nice! And in terms of working hours. What are your preferences regarding working hours?
Okay, I now have a question about your experience. Have you attended any bartending training?
Okay, I now have a question about your experience. Do you have any experience of working in a bar?
Okay, I now have a question about your experience. Have you worked with bartending or something similar before?
Thanks for that answer. As a car mechanic, car inspection is an important part of the job. Can you describe how a regular inspection of a car goes?
Thanks for that answer. As a car mechanic, car inspection is an important part of the job. Can you go through what is included in a car inspection?
Thanks for that answer. As a car mechanic, car inspection is an important part of the job. Can you tell me how to inspect a car?
I understand. As a postman, it is good to have a driver's license. Do you have driving license?
I understand. As a postman, it is good to have a driver's license. Can you drive a car or light truck?
I understand. As a postman, it is good to have a driver's license. What type of driver's license do you have, or are you planning to get a driver's license?
Okay. Now you have applied for a shop assistant. Do you have experience of working with cash machines?
Okay. Now you have applied for a shop assistant. Have you worked with a cash register system before, or with something similar?
My next question, in store, the treatment is important. Do you have experience of responding to customers?
My next question, in store, the treatment is important. Can you tell us how you are when you meet new people?
My next question, in store, the treatment is important. Can you describe how you would respond to new customers?
Well answered. As a financial assistant, accounting is important. What is your experience with using accounting systems?
Well answered. As a financial assistant, accounting is important. Have you used an accounting system before?
Well answered. As a financial assistant, accounting is important. Do you know about accounting systems, and how they work?
Interesting. In this service, it may be necessary to perform simpler accounting. Do you have any experience with it?
Interesting. In this service, it may be necessary to perform simpler accounting. How do you feel about performing simpler accounting?
Interesting. In this service, it may be necessary to perform simpler accounting. What do you know about accounting?
Okay, if you are now thinking specifically about the job as a preschool teacher. What do you think you have a responsibility as a preschool teacher?
Okay, if you are now thinking specifically about the job as a preschool teacher. What different roles does a preschool teacher need to be able to take?
Okay, if you are now thinking specifically about the job as a preschool teacher. What is important to think about as a teacher?
I understand. Taking care of young children is of course the main part of this job. What do you think is the most difficult thing about working with small children?
Thanks. Then I have another question. What truck card do you have?
Thanks. Then I have another question. Do you have a truck card?
Thanks. Then I have another question. Can you drive a truck?
Good answer. It is of course important with packing and packaging in a warehouse. Do you have experience of order packing in stock?
Good answer. It is of course important with packing and packaging in a warehouse. Have you worked in a warehouse before?
Okay, I also want to make sure you can drive a truck. What is your driving license?
Okay, I also want to make sure you can drive a truck. How heavy trucks can you drive?
Okay, I also want to make sure you can drive a truck. Do you have a truck driver's license?
Thanks for that answer. Have you worked with loading trucks before?
Thanks for that answer. What do you know about how to load trucks?
Thanks for that answer. What may need to be considered when loading trucks?
Okay, as janitors you often use special equipment. Have you worked with cleaning machines before? For example, a floor care machine.
Okay, as janitors you often use special equipment. How do you feel about working with cleaning machines? Have you done it before?
Okay, as janitors you often use special equipment. Do you have any experience with cleaning machines?
I understand. As a janitor, cleaning is important. How do you feel about working with cleaning? For example building cleaning or shop cleaning?
I understand. As a janitor, cleaning is important. Is cleaning something you have worked with before? Maybe building cleaning or shop cleaning?
I understand. As a janitor, cleaning is important. Do you have any experience in cleaning?
Well answered. Now I want to know a little about your qualifications as a teacher. Are you a qualified subject teacher?
Well answered. Now I want to know a little about your qualifications as a teacher. Do you have a teacher ID?
Well answered. Now I want to know a little about your qualifications as a teacher. Have you worked as a teacher before?
Thanks! Now I have a question about your experiences as a teacher. At what level do you teach?
Thanks! Now I have a question about your experiences as a teacher. Have you been involved in teaching before?
Thanks! Now I have a question about your experiences as a teacher. What is your teaching experience?
Interesting. I would like to know more about what you teach. What subjects, or year courses have you taught?
Okay. As a park manager, it is good to have a driving license. Do you have driving license?
Okay. As a park manager, it is good to have a driving license. What kind of driver's license do you have?
Okay. As a park manager, it is good to have a driving license. What type of driver's license do you have, or are you planning to get a driver's license?
Well thanks! A lot of work for a park manager is outdoors. Do you enjoy working outdoors?
Well thanks! A lot of work for a park manager is outdoors. What do you think about it?
Well thanks! A lot of work for a park manager is outdoors. Do you like working outdoors?
Okay, now I want to talk a little bit about what you think is important as a receptionist. How would you respond to a person visiting your reception?
Okay, now I want to talk a little bit about what you think is important as a receptionist. What is a good reception in a reception?
Okay, now I want to talk a little bit about what you think is important as a receptionist. What do you think a good treatment looks like?
Oh okay. As a receptionist there are several tasks. Do you have any planning experience?
Oh okay. As a receptionist there are several tasks. What is important to think about regarding planning?
Oh okay. As a receptionist there are several tasks. Is planning something you have done much before?
Okay. Working as a waiter can be stressful. How do you handle stressful situations?
Okay. Working as a waiter can be stressful. How do you handle such situations?
Okay. Working as a waiter can be stressful. What do you do to manage stress?
How nice. As a waiter working but a lot of cash. Have you been to the cash register before, and if so, have you worked with cash accounting?
How nice. As a waiter working but a lot of cash. Can you describe what a good treatment can look like for a person who works behind the counter?
How nice. As a waiter working but a lot of cash. What do you think a good treatment looks like?
Well answered! If you have worked as a nurse before, what is the area you have worked in then?
Well answered! What is your specialization as a nurse?
Okay. As a nurse, you meet many different people. How would you describe a good treatment?
Okay. As a nurse, you meet many different people. What is important to keep in mind when treating a patient?
Okay. As a nurse, you meet many different people. What do you think a good treatment looks like?
Thanks! Now I have a question about carpentry. What type of carpentry have you worked with before?
Thanks! Now I have a question about carpentry. What type of carpentry do you have the most experience of?
Thanks! Now I have a question about carpentry. Do you have any experience with different types of carpentry?
Thanks. There are many areas you can work with as a carpenter. Are ceilings and windows something you have worked with before?
Thanks. There are many areas you can work with as a carpenter. Do you have any experience with window renovation or roofing?
Thanks. There are many areas you can work with as a carpenter. How much have you worked with roofs and windows?
Thanks for the answers. Dental nursing is a care profession. Do you have any previous experience in healthcare?
Thanks for the answers. Dental nursing is a care profession. Is care something you have worked with before?
Thanks for the answers. Dental nursing is a care profession. Do you have any relevant experience in healthcare?
Okay. But when it comes to specifically the job as a dental nurse. What would you say is important to keep in mind when working with oral health care?
Okay. But when it comes to specifically the job as a dental nurse. Is oral health care something you have worked with before?
Okay. But when it comes to specifically the job as a dental nurse. What is your own experience of oral health care?
Interesting! Now I want to know a little more about your experiences. Have you worked with maintenance or property maintenance before?
As a caretaker, there is a lot of technology that is good to be familiar with. Have you worked with real estate technology before? For example heating system or ventilation system?
As a caretaker, there is a lot of technology that is good to be familiar with. Is real estate technology something you have experience of?
As a caretaker, there is a lot of technology that is good to be familiar with. Have you worked with maintaining and repairing technical systems before?
Home care and home health care are good experiences to have as a care assistant. Do you have any experience in home health care or home care?
Home care and home health care are good experiences to have as a care assistant. Is it something you've worked on before?
Thanks! Many care assistants work a lot with the elderly. Is elderly care something you have experience of?
Thanks! Many care assistants work a lot with the elderly. What do you think about working with elderly care?
Thanks! Many care assistants work a lot with the elderly. Have you worked with elderly care before?